Whether you think you can, or you think you can't -- you're a cunt. ~Shafik Amin
If you want to achieve greatness stop asking for permission. ~Anonymous
Things work out best for those who make the best of how things work out. ~John Wooden
To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong. ~Anonymous
If you are not willing to risk the usual you will have to settle for the ordinary. ~Jim Rohn
Trust because you are willing to accept the risk, not because it's safe or certain. ~Anonymous
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life - think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
All our dreams can come true if we have the courage to pursue them. ~Walt Disney
Good things come to people who wait, but better things come to those who go out and get them. ~Anonymous
If you do what you always did, you will get what you always got. ~Anonymous
Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm. ~Winston Churchill
Just when the caterpillar thought the world was ending, he turned into a butterfly. ~Proverb
Successful entrepreneurs are givers and not takers of positive energy. ~Anonymous
Whenever you see a successful person you only see the public glories, never the private sacrifices to reach them. ~Vaibhav Shah
Opportunities don't happen, you create them. ~Chris Grosser
Try not to become a person of success, but rather try to become a person of value. ~Albert Einstein
Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work. ~Thomas A. Edison
If you don't value your time, neither will others. Stop giving away your time and talents- start charging for it. ~Kim Garst
A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him. ~David Brinkley
No one can make you feel inferior without your consent. ~Eleanor Roosevelt
The whole secret of a successful life is to find out what is one's destiny to do, and then do it. ~Henry Ford
If you're going through hell keep going. ~Winston Churchill
The ones who are crazy enough to think they can change the world, are the ones that do. ~Anonymous
Don't raise your voice, improve your argument. ~Anonymous
What seems to us as bitter trials are often blessings in disguise.~ Oscar Wilde
The meaning of life is to find your gift. The purpose of life is to give it away. ~Anonymous
The distance between insanity and genius is measured only by success. ~Bruce Feirstein
When you stop chasing the wrong things you give the right things a chance to catch you. ~Lolly Daskal
Don't be afraid to give up the good to go for the great. ~John D. Rockefeller
No masterpiece was ever created by a lazy artist.~ Anonymous
Happiness is a butterfly, which when pursued, is always beyond your grasp, but which, if you will sit down quietly, may alight upon you. ~Nathaniel Hawthorne
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough. ~Albert Einstein
Blessed are those who can give without remembering and take without forgetting. ~Anonymous
Do one thing every day that scares you. ~Anonymous
What's the point of being alive if you don't at least try to do something remarkable. ~Anonymous
Life is not about finding yourself. Life is about creating yourself. ~Lolly Daskal
Nothing in the world is more common than unsuccessful people with talent. ~Anonymous
Knowledge is being aware of what you can do. Wisdom is knowing when not to do it. ~Anonymous
Your problem isn't the problem. Your reaction is the problem. ~Anonymous
You can do anything, but not everything. ~Anonymous
Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower. ~Steve Jobs
There are two types of people who will tell you that you cannot make a difference in this world: those who are afraid to try and those who are afraid you will succeed. ~Ray Goforth
Thinking should become your capital asset, no matter whatever ups and downs you come across in your life. ~Dr. APJ Kalam
I find that the harder I work, the more luck I seem to have. ~Thomas Jefferson
The starting point of all achievement is desire. ~Napolean Hill
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day-in and day-out. ~Robert Collier
If you want to achieve excellence, you can get there today. As of this second, quit doing less-than-excellent work. ~Thomas J. Watson
All progress takes place outside the comfort zone. ~Michael John Bobak
You may only succeed if you desire succeeding; you may only fail if you do not mind failing. ~Philippos
Courage is resistance to fear, mastery of fear - not absense of fear. ~Mark Twain
Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone. ~Pablo Picasso
People often say that motivation doesn't last. Well, neither does bathing - that's why we recommend it daily. ~Zig Ziglar
We become what we think about most of the time, and that's the strangest secret. ~Earl Nightingale
The only place where success comes before work is in the dictionary. ~Vidal Sassoon
The best reason to start an organization is to make meaning; to create a product or service to make the world a better place. ~Guy Kawasaki
I find that when you have a real interest in life and a curious life, that sleep is not the most important thing. ~Martha Stewart
It's not what you look at that matters, it's what you see. ~Anonymous
The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same. ~Colin R. Davis
The function of leadership is to produce more leaders, not more followers. ~Ralph Nader
Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it. ~Maya Angelou
As we look ahead into the next century, leaders will be those who empower others. ~Bill Gates
A real entrepreneur is somebody who has no safety net underneath them. ~Henry Kravis
The first step toward success is taken when you refuse to be a captive of the environment in which you first find yourself. ~Mark Caine
People who succeed have momentum. The more they succeed, the more they want to succeed, and the more they find a way to succeed. Similarly, when someone is failing, the tendency is to get on a downward spiral that can even become a self-fulfilling prophecy. ~Tony Robbins
When I dare to be powerful - to use my strength in the service of my vision, then it becomes less and less important whether I am afraid. ~Audre Lorde
Whenever you find yourself on the side of the majority, it is time to pause and reflect. ~Mark Twain
The successful warrior is the average man, with laser-like focus. ~Bruce Lee
Take up one idea. Make that one idea your life ' think of it, dream of it, live on that idea. Let the brain, muscles, nerves, every part of your body, be full of that idea, and just leave every other idea alone. This is the way to success. ~Swami Vivekananda
Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success. ~Dale Carnegie
If you don't design your own life plan, chances are you'll fall into someone else's plan. And guess what they have planned for you? Not much. ~ Jim Rohn
If you genuinely want something, don't wait for it ' teach yourself to be impatient. ~Gurbaksh Chahal
Don't let the fear of losing be greater than the excitement of winning. ~Robert Kiyosaki
If you want to make a permanent change, stop focusing on the size of your problems and start focusing on the size of you! ~T. Harv Eker
You can't connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backwards. So you have to trust that the dots will somehow connect in your future. You have to trust in something - your gut, destiny, life, karma, whatever. This approach has never let me down, and it has made all the difference in my life. ~Steve Jobs
Successful people do what unsuccessful people are not willing to doDon't wish it were easier, wish you were better. ~Jim Rohn
The number one reason people fail in life is because they listen to their friends, family, and neighbors. ~Napoleon Hill
The reason most people never reach their goals is that they don't define them, or ever seriously consider them as believable or achievable. Winners can tell you where they are going, what they plan to do along the way, and who will be sharing the adventure with them. ~Denis Watiley
In my experience, there is only one motivation, and that is desire. No reasons or principle contain it or stand against it. ~Jane Smiley
Success does not consist in never making mistakes but in never making the same one a second time. ~George Bernard Shaw
I don't want to get to the end of my life and find that I lived just the length of it. I want to have lived the width of it as well. ~Diane Ackerman
You must expect great things of yourself before you can do them. ~Michael Jordan
Motivation is what gets you started. Habit is what keeps you going. ~Jim Ryun
People rarely succeed unless they have fun in what they are doing. ~Dale Carnegie
There is no chance, no destiny, no fate, that can hinder or control the firm resolve of a determined soul. ~Ella Wheeler Wilcox
Our greatest fear should not be of failure but of succeeding at things in life that don't really matter. ~Francis Chan
You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction. ~George Lorimer
To be successful you must accept all challenges that come your way. You can't just accept the ones you like. ~Mike Gafka
Success is...knowing your purpose in life, growing to reach your maximum potential, and sowing seeds that benefit others. ~ John C. Maxwell
Be miserable. Or motivate yourself. Whatever has to be done, it's always your choice. ~Wayne Dyer
To accomplish great things, we must not only act, but also dream, not only plan, but also believe.~ Anatole France
Most of the important things in the world have been accomplished by people who have kept on trying when there seemed to be no help at all. ~Dale Carnegie
You measure the size of the accomplishment by the obstacles you had to overcome to reach your goals. ~Booker T. Washington
Real difficulties can be overcome; it is only the imaginary ones that are unconquerable. ~Theodore N. Vail
It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation. ~Herman Melville
Fortune sides with him who dares. ~Virgil
Little minds are tamed and subdued by misfortune; but great minds rise above it. ~Washington Irving
Failure is the condiment that gives success its flavor. ~Truman Capote
Don't let what you cannot do interfere with what you can do. ~John R. Wooden
You may have to fight a battle more than once to win it. ~Margaret Thatcher
A man can be as great as he wants to be. If you believe in yourself and have the courage, the determination, the dedication, the competitive drive and if you are willing to sacrifice the little things in life and pay the price for the things that are worthwhile, it can be done. ~Vince Lombardi
Programming today is a race between software engineers striving to build bigger and better idiot-proof programs, and the universe trying to build bigger and better idiots. So far, the universe is winning. ~Rick Cook
Lisp isn't a language, it's a building material. ~Alan Kay
Walking on water and developing software from a specification are easy if both are frozen. ~Edward V Berard
They don't make bugs like Bunny anymore. ~Olav Mjelde
A programming language is low level when its programs require attention to the irrelevant. ~Alan J. Perlis
A C program is like a fast dance on a newly waxed dance floor by people carrying razors. Waldi Ravens
I have always wished for my computer to be as easy to use as my telephone; my wish has come true because I can no longer figure out how to use my telephone. ~Bjarne Stroustrup
Computer science education cannot make anybody an expert programmer any more than studying brushes and pigment can make somebody an expert painter. ~Eric S. Raymond
Don’t worry if it doesn’t work right. If everything did, you’d be out of a job. ~Mosher’s Law of Software Engineering
I think Microsoft named .Net so it wouldn’t show up in a Unix directory listing. ~Oktal
Fine, Java MIGHT be a good example of what a programming language should be like. But Java applications are good examples of what applications SHOULDN’T be like. ~pixadel
Considering the current sad state of our computer programs, software development is clearly still a black art, and cannot yet be called an engineering discipline. ~Bill Clinton
The use of COBOL cripples the mind; its teaching should therefore be regarded as a criminal offense. ~E.W. Dijkstra
In the one and only true way. The object-oriented version of 'Spaghetti code' is, of course, 'Lasagna code'. (Too many layers). ~Roberto Waltman
FORTRAN is not a flower but a weed — it is hardy, occasionally blooms, and grows in every computer. ~Alan J. Perlis
For a long time it puzzled me how something so expensive, so leading edge, could be so useless. And then it occurred to me that a computer is a stupid machine with the ability to do incredibly smart things, while computer programmers are smart people with the ability to do incredibly stupid things. They are, in short, a perfect match. ~Bill Bryson
In My Egotistical Opinion, most people's C programs should be indented six feet downward and covered with dirt. ~Blair P. Houghton
When someone says: 'I want a programming language in which I need only say what I wish done', give him a lollipop. ~Alan J. Perlis
The evolution of languages: FORTRAN is a non-typed language. C is a weakly typed language. Ada is a strongly typed language. C++ is a strongly hyped language. ~Ron Sercely
Good design adds value faster than it adds cost. ~Thomas C. Gale
Python's a drop-in replacement for BASIC in the sense that Optimus Prime is a drop-in replacement for a truck. ~Cory Dodt
Talk is cheap. Show me the code. ~Linus Torvalds
Perfection [in design] is achieved, not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing left to take away. ~Antoine de Saint-Exupéry
C is quirky, flawed, and an enormous success. ~Dennis M. Ritchie
In theory, theory and practice are the same. In practice, they’re not. ~Yoggi Berra
You can’t have great software without a great team, and most software teams behave like dysfunctional families. ~Jim McCarthy
PHP is a minor evil perpetrated and created by incompetent amateurs, whereas Perl is a great and insidious evil, perpetrated by skilled but perverted professionals. ~Jon Ribbens
Programming is like kicking yourself in the face, sooner or later your nose will bleed. ~Kyle Woodbury
Perl – The only language that looks the same before and after RSA encryption. ~Keith Bostic
It is easier to port a shell than a shell script. ~Larry Wall
I invented the term 'Object-Oriented', and I can tell you I did not have C++ in mind.  ~Alan Kay
Learning to program has no more to do with designing interactive software than learning to touch type has to do with writing poetry. ~Ted Nelson
The best programmers are not marginally better than merely good ones. They are an order-of-magnitude better, measured by whatever standard: conceptual creativity, speed, ingenuity of design, or problem-solving ability. ~Randall E. Stross
If McDonalds were run like a software company, one out of every hundred Big Macs would give you food poisoning, and the response would be, ‘We’re sorry, here’s a coupon for two more.’ ~Mark Minasi
Beware of bugs in the above code; I have only proved it correct, not tried it. ~Donald E. Knuth
Computer system analysis is like child-rearing; you can do grievous damage, but you cannot ensure success. ~Tom DeMarco
I don't care if it works on your machine! We are not shipping your machine! ~Vidiu Platon
Sometimes it pays to stay in bed on Monday, rather than spending the rest of the week debugging Monday's code. ~Christopher Thompson
Measuring programming progress by lines of code is like measuring aircraft building progress by weight. ~Bill Gates
Debugging is twice as hard as writing the code in the first place. Therefore, if you write the code as cleverly as possible, you are, by definition, not smart enough to debug it. ~Brian W. Kernighano
People think that computer science is the art of geniuses but the actual reality is the opposite, just many people doing things that build on each other, like a wall of mini stones. ~Donald Knuth
First learn computer science and all the theory. Next develop a programming style. Then forget all that and just hack. ~George Carrette
Most of you are familiar with the virtues of a programmer. There are three, of course: laziness, impatience, and hubris. ~Larry Wall
Most software today is very much like an Egyptian pyramid with millions of bricks piled on top of each other, with no structural integrity, but just done by brute force and thousands of slaves. ~Alan Kay
The trouble with programmers is that you can never tell what a programmer is doing until it’s too late. ~Seymour Cray
To iterate is human, to recurse divine. ~L. Peter Deutsch
On two occasions I have been asked [by members of Parliament]: 'Pray, Mr. Babbage, if you put into the machine wrong figures, will the right answers come out?' I am not able rightly to apprehend the kind of confusion of ideas that could provoke such a question. ~Charles Babbage
Most good programmers do programming not because they expect to get paid or get adulation by the public, but because it is fun to program. ~Linus Torvalds
Always code as if the guy who ends up maintaining your code will be a violent psychopath who knows where you live. ~Martin Golding
There are two ways of constructing a software design. One way is to make it so simple that there are obviously no deficiencies. And the other way is to make it so complicated that there are no obvious deficiencies. ~C.A.R. Hoare
